Update iOS Tor (#603)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/service-guides/lightning/zeus-lnc.rst

Lightning Node Connect (LNC) provides a very simple way to connect to an LND node. In this guide we'll cover how to connect to LND via LNC with Zeus.

> Zeus is available for `Android <https://zeusln.app/zeus-v0.7.5-universal.apk>`_ & `iOS <https://apps.apple.com/app/zeus-ln/id1456038895>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zeus is available for `Android and iOS <https://zeusln.app>`_.
```
